[Applause]
[Music]
the prize
and watch how it shines above all
in the dark shit my future a river
of cyanide and slime marries on a wall
careful I never studied I always
beware not a calibrated from your
dic given son of the devil harbor flames
what else do you remember about the meat of that
Amaranth red freedom forever said
my people in the series
while gently
an empty one to run
and wicked over the sea on ships of
course luck cured the form of spectra
to the rebound
like embers funded looks at war and
disorganized on basic days
hit you wanted costil si trillioni
of berruti without thirst hunting in the head
with ram's heads for the world of
new tomorrow we hope you on the bottom of
these jugs to us humans
[Music]
no
in the body do not give up take yourself normal
inside the madness crossroads of crosses
inside the abbey I am timeless for
follow the trend of the cat's face
umori dug in the fiat land I take
because mine comes to this place
brain is already there and my body is born
and is not suitable for the created winter
path devoid of emotion understand them
where is my agony too us in
too little space and now nothing will
can kill a second just make you
invincible to die to live what
I know as painless as a certain nobu e
local and sign with his own crosses
I will bring theatrical humans with
baino objects closed with Milan navigo
integrated into mobile
the streets that bark dazzle
because they do not disappear from thoughts
[Music]
[Applause]
to
Yes No
[Applause]
[Music]